Clarify limit and add example (#11156)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md

If you are using both -Skip X and -Top Y for filtering, the returned results will first be skipped by X, and then the top Y results will be returned.

> By default, a maximum of 500 results are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this cmdlet returns a maximum of 500 results.

```
